
After my somewhat life changing journey to Rishikesh, a lot of things turned out
in ways I hadn't expected. Moving to another place, settling down in Delhi with
family (trust me it's temporary), and buying a new bike. Yes!!! bought a new
bike in August'19. This post is all about the time I bought my first new bike.

I was feeling restless eversince I went to Rishikesh. I wanted a bike, I wanted
to go on a long ride everyweek, I wanted to feel the same freedom again. It all
seems so perfect in theory but in practice, things are a tad bit complicated. I
had a new job that I really liked, I had just settled down in Delhi and was out
of cash. So I thought of delaying my bike for a couple of months.

My new place was quite far from my office and hence I ended up paying a lot in
commute every day. Both time and money. I started feeling exhausted very soon
and this was my perfect excuse to buy a new bike. I asked my mother, she said
"Hell, No!!!". I heard "Hell, Yeah!!!". 

Hence, the search began for the perfect bike. I had a budget, didn't want
something too powerful and heavy (since this was my first), didn't want
something too light and slow so that I don't loose interest in few months. After
a lot of research (ahem), I settled on Bajaj Dominar. It was fairly new to
market, good reviews and not very costly. I was almost about to buy it, and then
my friend Nimish, suggested me something. Gixxer 250 SF. 

It was so beautiful, looked good, in my budget and best thing about it, it was
Matte Black. It was perfect, however Dominar had more power, more nimble and
good presence through out the country making it easier to maintain. I was
confused between two of them. I didn't know much about bike then and new no one
in city in my circle who did. We planned to go and take a test ride the
following weekend. We planned to go to the retail shop on Sunday. 

I was too excited to wait for Sunday, I went all by myself to the shop on
Saturday and took a test ride. It felt sooo good. I fell in love with it
immediately. I called Nimish to come and take the bike delivery the very same
moment. When he arrived, he looked surprised that I expedited the process, but
supported my anyways. When it was time to pay for the bike, my credit card
didn't work.

I started counting my debit and fell short by a good amount. I requested Nimish
to help me with the cash, and he helped me with everything he had. I mean
everything!!!. At last we managed to pay and take the bike. I wish I had
pictures to put here, but in that moment, I was shaking with excitement and
didn't bother to click any. 

We took the bike and were on our way. Can you believe I almost dropped it on our
way. I mean, it should be a surpise, I wasn't very good with bikes, and this was
the heaviest one I had ever driven. Well, I made it home. Oh, no!!! I was
home...with the bike. Mom!!!

I parked the bike in the basement and went home. I was acting like I had a very
normal day. Soon, I couldn't resist it anymore and told mom about the bike.
Thankfully, she didn't freak out, else I would've been history. She took a look
at it and said "It's a sports bike, I am not sitting on it". Somewhere I felt
relieved. Think about this, me riding a sports bike at 20kmph, with my mom on
the back seat, even the thought of it made me terrified. But, finally, it was
done, I had a bike!!!. Couldn't sleep that night.

Well, that's the story of how I bought my first bike. Stay tuned for my next
bike on 17th August, 2021. Yeah, I have selected the date and shortlisted two
new bikes. Yup, I'm crazy.
That's it for this one guys, stay stuned and I'll see you around.