

Aftaer a long wait, it was time for our second bike trip. I was excited as I had
developed more experience since my last long trip and was much more confortable
riding long distance. We got delayed at our meeting point. One of the bike had a
flat tyre, so we waited for that to get fixed. 

Our next stop was for our brunch. I never thought I'll use the word brunch. The
ride this time wasn't as good as the last time. We crossed many small cities and
even the highways were pathetic. People didn't follow rules in lots of areas,
which forced us to drive slower than usual and be more mindful of the
surroundings. 

The weather was very pleasant. Just right for the ridfe. Neither too hot, nor
too cold. We started getting hungry soon and were struggling to find any
restraunts to eat. At last we found a small eatery and everyone ate their hearts
out. Our destination wasn't too far from there and soon we reached there. It was
late in the evening when we reached the resort.

THe resort was the most pleasing part of this trip. It was a big resort in the
middle of the jungle. There weas a river flowing beside the resort we decided to
wal;k to the river bank and spend some time there.

The river didn't have much water, so we walked till almost the middle of it. The
currents were strong beyond that and we wanted to stay out of danger. We spent
good time there, shared some stories, had some snacks along with drinks. Evening
was pretty chilled out and everyone was enjoying the stay.

Dinner was arranged in a big dining hall along with a bonfire. It wasn't very
cold there, but a warm roon felt very comfy. We slept early being tired of a
long day ride and had to start early next day...or so we thought.

We woke up pretty early. Everyone had their plans. Someone wanted to go for a
swim, someone wanted to go for a trek, others just felt like chilling in their
rooms with a nice view. We had a very heavy breakfast and everyone dispered to
put their plan to action. We decided we would leave by 11Am. 

We went around the kids area, had some fun with Swings, played table tennis,
carrom and other indoor games. In the late morning, almost everyone was in the pool,
struggling in the icy cold water and had their share of fun. It was almost 11
and it was time to leave. I couild see, no one really wanted to leave, but we
had to reach Delhi just in time to be able to go to office next Day. How good it
would have been if Monday were a holiday. A man can oly wish.

The return journey was also smooth. Although, there was a point when some people
started racing us. People get charged when they see a bike group fly by. We let
them win. Bikers are kind people. 

Eventyually, all of us reached home safely. I learned some new things about bike
riding, group riding dynamics to be specific. The group rides as one, so my
speed won't matter. I guess this was the reason, I was a bit slow out there and
thankfully that led to me enjoying the ride more. 

That'st it for this one guys, stay tuned and I'll see you around in the next
one. Hopefully we'll have another long ride in April'20. Catch you later.