In November I got another opportunity to travel and spend a fine weekend to MT.
It's nice settlement on a hill top, will cold weather round the year and snow in
the winters. This was a road trip with some friends. We had to attend a marriage
and Shubham was quick enough to steal this opportunity into a road trip. Glad he
did. 

We started from office around 4PM on a friday evening, and reach the wedding
destination around 9. We ate our hearts out there, had some fun and left for MT
around 12AM. To our surprise we reached Rishikesh around 4AM and MT was another
2 hours drive from there. We had a good breakfast at 4 in the morning(lots of
noodles and and some bread) and started having secound thoughts about heading to
MT. We were way ahead of schedule and decided to visit a dam(damn that dam) in
Tehri before hitting MT. It was around 2 hours of drive from Rishikesh, and we
all agreed on that.

The night was dark, and we were travelling through mountains. We could hardly
see any other vehicle. Everyone except me and the driver fell asleep while we
were on our way. We we started to approach the dam, I saw a lot of sign boards
with multiple warnings about the place. "No stopping!!!". "No parking!!!".
"Photography not allowed!!!". "Videography not allowed!!!". The place crawled
with sign boards like any highly secured area would. After we crossed multiple
sign boards, we saw a cop who didn't bother to stop or give any instructions
about the place to us.

I knew something looked fishy, but I was too excited and was almost doozing off so
didn't care a lot of the warnings. We finally parked in a place where they had
put multiple sign boards saying "No Parking!!!". I know, I know, you guys might
think I was acting crazy but the reality was, I was too tired and my brain was
hardly working to comprehend anything. I woke up Nimish, and we walked towards
the dam. We took multiple photos, and our other friends followed us soon after.
We were just starting to relax when we heard someone shouting. "Hey, come up
here!!!"


We ignored the man, assuming he was calling someone else. He came closer and in
an angry tone asked us to follow him. He looked super pissed. He took us to a
millitary camp where he along with some others started enquiring about us. He
asked us about our business there and reminded us of the multiple sign boards.
All of my friends had no clue what he was talking about, but