
- music concert
- walk and cute dog
- games and good food
- meetings
- people getting sick
- everything fine
- snow drive again
- back to delhi safe and sound

November was a really rough for we were working really hard to good amount of
work done in our company. After that came the cool down period, and one fine
day, out of the blue, everyone decided to take a company trip for 2 days. Before
we could let it sink, Shubham was ready with the itenary and cost estimation.
The very same weekend we left for Pangot, again in the mountains where you don't
even get cellular networks(that was the best part).

We left around 10PM for an overnight journey. Weather forecast predicted heavy
snow and it had just snowed the day before we left. Thanks to Abhik, I got good
boots and jackets for snow before I left, else I would have got frost bite for
sure. The fog was too dense, and it was hard to see anything ahead of us. Not
sure why we were going to the mountains in winters, but I was excited for it. It
was our first company trip. 

Around 3AM almost everyone was asleep in the bus except me(yeah drive slept
too). I was looking at the spedometer and suddenly I would see speeds dropping
from 80kmph to 20mkmph and the vehicle getting a bit disbalanced. What I saw
next, blew my mind away. The driver of the bus was dozing off at regular
intervals and when I confronted him, he denied the allegations. I started
keeping an eye on him. He knew I was onto him and tried to stay awake for a long
time, but eventually started dozing off again. 

For me, that was it. I woke Abhik and Shubham up, and we pulled over the bus. We
took a 30 minute tea break and went on with our journey. He didn't sleep after
that(thankfully). 

Due to heavy snow the day before, the roads to Pangot was closed and we had to
take a detour. THe detour was scary. Roads were tracherous, narrow and broken.
MOst of it was covered in sludge and driving through them would becaome too
dangerous and troublesome very often. We had started losing our cellular signals
and it was getting difficult to navigate. Luckily for us, it was a single path,
no turns no confusions.

We stopped around 3 kms before our camp because of heavy snow on road. An open
jeep from our camp had come to recieve us. We put all our stuff in the back,
boarded it were on our way to the camp. The best part of the trip was our ride
in the jeep. It was fun and chilly. We were driving on the snow covered
mountains and it felt so relaxing. It was my first experience on snow and it
exceeded my expectations by miles. We were hooting, shouting and singing all the
way to the camp. The ride along with the sceneries along the way were breath
taking.

The camp was beautiful with nice cute little cottages. Each cottage had two
double beds/ One of them was little elevated had was accesible via a ladder. A
bunk bed!!!. I love bunk beds. I wanted to sleep on one. 

It was morning already and we headed to have our breakfast. THe food there was
surprisingly good, and best of all, therer was no cellular connection. The camp
had a wifi facility(only in dining hall) which was more than enogh tyo keep our
families informed. I always loved the water quality in the mountains, it makes
me feel good and it works wonders for my tummy. After breakfast, we dispersed
and someof us headed to sleep, some of us went for a bath and explore the
mountains while most of us started playing a game of cricket. We played for a
whole 4 hours till late afternoon and went for lunch only after we were forced
to. Food again was really good and was followed by a long comapny meeting. We
brainstormed for quite sometime until the bonfire.

