---
title: "Leetcode | Solution of TODO in JavaScript"
description: "In this post, we will solve TODO from leetcode and compute it's time and space complexities. Let's begin."
author: "Rishabh Jain"
keywords: ["leetcode","js","javascript","Solution of TODO","rishabh","jain","rishabh
jain","rishabh1403","blog","competitive","coding","programming","tech","technology",
interview", "interview questions", leetcode]
tags: ["leetcode","coding","javascript"]
categories: ["leetcode","coding","javascript"]
date: 2020-04-01T05:08:30.428Z
path: "posts/coding/leetcode/2020/05/create-target-array-in-the-given-order/"
image: "./TODO.png"
draft: false
---

In this post, we will solve TODO from leetcode and compute it's time and space complexities. Let's begin.
<!--more-->

# Problem Statement
The question can be found at [leetcode TODO problem](TODO).

The problem states that we are given two arrays, nums and index. For each position i in nums and index, we need to create an array whose value at index[i] position is nums[i]. 

Something like target[index[i]] = nums[i]

# Solution

There are multiple ways to solve this. You can iterate over index array and for every value in index, you can push values to target array at position index[i] i.e. nums[i]. It requires a lot of shifting of elements in array where you can use slice method to do it in one line. 

For our solution, we will use reduce method and the sprerad operator for the logic is still same


```js


};

```

The code looks a bit fancy, but it is just looping over the index array. For every index, we break array into two parts. the one before the index, and after the index. In the middle of both we insert our value and return the whiole thing


Here are the stats on submission

```yaml

Status: Accepted
Runtime: 56ms
Memory: 37.1MB

```

## Time and space complexity

### Time complexity

We are looping over the index array once, so time complexity
would be **O(n)**.

### Space complexity

We are not using any extra space. So space
complexity is constant, **O(1)**.

# Summary

So, we solved the TODO problem by using two pointer method and calculated the time and space complexities.

I hope you enjoyed solving this question. This is it for this one, complete source code for this post can be found on my [Github Repo](https://github.com/rishabh1403/leetcode-javascript-solutions). Will see you in the next one.

There you go guys, you made it to end of the post.  Subscribe to my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/rishabh1403) for regular updates. Follow me on [twitter](https://www.twitter.com/rishabhjain1403), drop me a mail or leave a comment here if you still have any doubts and I will try my best to help you out. Thanks

Stay tuned and see you around :)
`youtube: TODO`