---
title: "Leetcode | Solution of TODO in JavaScript"
description: "In this post, we will solve TODO from leetcode and compute it's time and space complexities. Let's begin."
author: "Rishabh Jain"
keywords: ["leetcode","js","javascript","Solution of TODO","rishabh","jain","rishabh
jain","rishabh1403","blog","competitive","coding","programming","tech","technology",
interview", "interview questions", leetcode]
tags: ["leetcode","coding","javascript"]
categories: ["leetcode","coding","javascript"]
date: 2020-04-01T05:08:30.428Z
path: "posts/coding/leetcode/2020/04/leetcode-TODO"
image: "./reversestring.png"
draft: false
---

In this post, we will solve TODO from leetcode and compute it's time and space complexities. Let's begin.
<!--more-->

# Problem Statement
The question can be found at [leetcode TODO problem](TODO).

The problem states that we are given a string and we need to reverse the vowels in the string. The question is very much similar to reverse string problem we discussed. 

# Solution

The question doesn't specify anything about the case. So we need to keep that in mind. The approach is as folows
- We declare an array of vowels and assign all the uppercase and lowercase vowels to it
- next we convert the string to an array and apply two pointer approach to reverse the vowels
- The only thing to note that we reversing we need to check if strings at left and right indices are vowels.
- To check for vowels we can just see if both the strings are present in our vowels array
- once we find two vowels, we swap it
- when the loop exits, we have an array with vowels reversed, we join it back and return it.

I have discussed two pointer approach in reverse string problem, so please check that for more details.

We have discussed the approach, **I urge you to go ahead on leetcode and give it another try**. :smile:

<hr />
<br />
If you are here, it means something went wrong in implementation or you are just too lazy :smile:. In any case, let's see a simple implementation of the above logic.

```js


};

```

As discussed, we conver the string to an array, declare a vowels array and declare two variables to point to left and right end of the string. We iterate over the string and check if the characters at both indices are vowels. IN case it is we swap them and move one with the loop.

At last we join back the array and return it.


Here are the stats on submission

```yaml

Status: Accepted
Runtime: 68ms
Memory: 38.5MB

```

## Time and space complexity

### Time complexity

We are looping over the string array once, so time complexity
would be **O(n)**.

### Space complexity

We are using extra space to store the string array. So space
complexity is linear, **O(n)**.

# Summary

So, we solved the TODO problem by using two pointer method and calculated the time and space complexities.

I hope you enjoyed solving this question. This is it for this one, complete source code for this post can be found on my [Github Repo](https://github.com/rishabh1403/leetcode-javascript-solutions). Will see you in the next one.

There you go guys, you made it to end of the post.  Subscribe to my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/rishabh1403) for regular updates. Follow me on [twitter](https://www.twitter.com/rishabhjain1403), drop me a mail or leave a comment here if you still have any doubts and I will try my best to help you out. Thanks

Stay tuned and see you around :)
`youtube: 8j24rPjGBwU`