---
title: "Leetcode | Solution of TODO in JavaScript"
description: "In this post, we will solve TODO from leetcode and compute it's time and space complexities. Let's begin."
author: "Rishabh Jain"
keywords: ["leetcode","js","javascript","Solution of TODO","rishabh","jain","rishabh
jain","rishabh1403","blog","competitive","coding","programming","tech","technology",
interview", "interview questions", leetcode]
tags: ["leetcode","coding","javascript"]
categories: ["leetcode","coding","javascript"]
date: 2020-04-01T05:08:30.428Z
path: "posts/coding/leetcode/2020/04/leetcode-TODO"
image: "./reversestring.png"
draft: false
---

In this post, we will solve TODO from leetcode and compute it's time and space complexities. Let's begin.
<!--more-->

# Problem Statement
The question can be found at [leetcode TODO problem](TODO).

The question states that we are given two arrays and we need to find their intersection. 

# Constraints and challenges

The question gives foloowing constraints

- All numbers in the result must be unique
- The numbers in the result can be in any order


# Solution

The given constraints in the question actually makes our job easier. Since we are given two arrays which may have duplicates, we can both of them in two sets. Once we do that set will get rid of duplicates automatically and we are left with unique values. 

Next, we can loop over one set and find how many of the numbers in set 1 is also present in set 2. We keep on pushing these values in an array and once we are done with the loop, we have our answer array.

We have discussed the approach, **I urge you to go ahead on leetcode and give it another try**. :smile:

<hr />
<br />
If you are here, it means something went wrong in implementation or you are just too lazy :smile:. In any case, let's see a simple implementation of the above logic.

```js


};

```
Nothing very fancy in the code. Very staright forward implementation of the logic discussed above.

Here are the stats on submission

```yaml

Status: Accepted
Runtime: 56ms
Memory: 34.8MB

```

## Time and space complexity

### Time complexity

We are looping over the set once, so time complexity
would be **O(n)**.

### Space complexity

We are using extra space for sets and array, but all of them would grow linearly with respect to inputs. So space
complexity is also linear, **O(n)**.

# Summary

So, we solved the TODO problem by using two pointer method and calculated the time and space complexities.

I hope you enjoyed solving this question. This is it for this one, complete source code for this post can be found on my [Github Repo](https://github.com/rishabh1403/leetcode-javascript-solutions). Will see you in the next one.

There you go guys, you made it to end of the post.  Subscribe to my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/rishabh1403) for regular updates. Follow me on [twitter](https://www.twitter.com/rishabhjain1403), drop me a mail or leave a comment here if you still have any doubts and I will try my best to help you out. Thanks

Stay tuned and see you around :)
`youtube: 8j24rPjGBwU`