---
title: "Leetcode | Solution of TODO in JavaScript"
description: "In this post, we will solve TODO from leetcode and compute it's time and space complexities. Let's begin."
author: "Rishabh Jain"
keywords: ["leetcode","js","javascript","Solution of TODO","rishabh","jain","rishabh
jain","rishabh1403","blog","competitive","coding","programming","tech","technology",
interview", "interview questions", leetcode]
tags: ["leetcode","coding","javascript"]
categories: ["leetcode","coding","javascript"]
date: 2020-04-01T05:08:30.428Z
path: "posts/coding/leetcode/2020/04/leetcode-TODO"
image: "./reversestring.png"
draft: false
---

In this post, we will solve TODO from leetcode and compute it's time and space complexities. Let's begin.
<!--more-->

# Problem Statement
The question can be found at [leetcode TODO problem](TODO).

The problem states that we are given two strings, magazine and a ransomnote. We need to find if the tsring ransom note can be created from the magazine. 

# Constraints and challenges

- Both the strings only contain lower case characters
- Typing those big variable names can be a pain :smile:

# Solution

The approach is very simple. We declare a map and all the characters from the magazine with it's count in the map.

Next we loop over the ransom note and see it the map contains enough chracters to create out ransom note string.

It's a very simple question with a fancy name that all.


We have discussed the approach, **I urge you to go ahead on leetcode and give it another try**. :smile:

<hr />
<br />
If you are here, it means something went wrong in implementation or you are just too lazy :smile:. In any case, let's see a simple implementation of the above logic.

```js


};

```

Nothing fancy in the code, just simple logic and big variable names.


Here are the stats on submission

```yaml

Status: Accepted
Runtime: 172ms
Memory: 37.2MB

```

## Time and space complexity

### Time complexity

We are looping over both the strings once, so time complexity
would be **O(n)**.

### Space complexity

We are using extra space for the map. So space
complexity is linear, **O(n)**.

# Summary

So, we solved the TODO problem by using two pointer method and calculated the time and space complexities.

I hope you enjoyed solving this question. This is it for this one, complete source code for this post can be found on my [Github Repo](https://github.com/rishabh1403/leetcode-javascript-solutions). Will see you in the next one.

There you go guys, you made it to end of the post.  Subscribe to my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/rishabh1403) for regular updates. Follow me on [twitter](https://www.twitter.com/rishabhjain1403), drop me a mail or leave a comment here if you still have any doubts and I will try my best to help you out. Thanks

Stay tuned and see you around :)
`youtube: 8j24rPjGBwU`