---
title: "Leetcode | Solution of TODO in JavaScript"
description: "In this post, we will solve TODO from leetcode and compute it's time and space complexities. Let's begin."
author: "Rishabh Jain"
keywords: ["leetcode","js","javascript","Solution of TODO","rishabh","jain","rishabh
jain","rishabh1403","blog","competitive","coding","programming","tech","technology",
interview", "interview questions", leetcode]
tags: ["leetcode","coding","javascript"]
categories: ["leetcode","coding","javascript"]
date: 2020-04-01T05:08:30.428Z
path: "posts/coding/leetcode/2020/04/leetcode-TODO/"
image: "./TODO.png"
draft: false
---

In this post, we will solve TODO from leetcode and compute it's time and space complexities. Let's begin.
<!--more-->

# Problem Statement
The question can be found at [leetcode TODO problem](TODO).

The problem states that we are given a string, and we need to find the first chracter which is unique in the string

# Solution

One simple approach to solve this is pick each charactrer iteratively and search it in the string. If it is not found at any index then we have found our answer. This however will be of quadratic time complexity. We can do better at the expense of cost.

We can have a map, and iteratively save each character with it's index in the map. if while adding to map, we find that number already exists in the map, we save it's index as -1(just to denote that it has duplicates). Once we are done with our string, the first element in the map to have a non-negative index is our first unique character.

We have discussed the approach, **I urge you to go ahead on leetcode and give it another try**. :smile:

<hr />
<br />
If you are here, it means something went wrong in implementation or you are just too lazy :smile:. In any case, let's see a simple implementation of the above logic.

```js


};

```

Let's look at the solution. Now we are looping over the staring only once and marking the duplicate ones. When we are done with the loop, we have the characters which are unique with theie indices.

Here are the stats on submission

```yaml

Status: Accepted
Runtime: 96ms
Memory: 37.9MB

```

## Time and space complexity

### Time complexity

We are looping over the string once, so time complexity
would be **O(n)**.

### Space complexity

We are using extra space for a map. So space
complexity is linear, **O(n)**.

# Summary

So, we solved the TODO problem by using two pointer method and calculated the time and space complexities.

I hope you enjoyed solving this question. This is it for this one, complete source code for this post can be found on my [Github Repo](https://github.com/rishabh1403/leetcode-javascript-solutions). Will see you in the next one.

There you go guys, you made it to end of the post.  Subscribe to my [youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/rishabh1403) for regular updates. Follow me on [twitter](https://www.twitter.com/rishabhjain1403), drop me a mail or leave a comment here if you still have any doubts and I will try my best to help you out. Thanks

Stay tuned and see you around :)
`youtube: TODO`